---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: ITM 352
date: 2021-09-13
labels:
  - ITM-352
  - Learning
---



Provide a brief introduction to the WOD along with a link to this page for further details
The WODS completed were SmartPhoneProducts1 and Invoice1. In SmartPhoneProducts1, I used variables to eliminate hard-coding the information for displaying products. In Invoice1, I create a sales receipt for a sale that contains at least five different products.
  
Discuss your experiences in performing the WOD. What worked well, what did you stumble on or slowed you down.
One thing that was really helpful in performing the WOD was following the directions and trying out the WOD on our own. I was able to get a lot done and when I really didnt know what to do, I watch the screencast. One thing I realized is that copy and paste is not always the solution. There was one code that I copied from the instructions but realized the quotation mark was replaced, and this one little mistake affected my whole code. Another problem that happened was when I followed the screencast, there were some codes that I didn't neccessary need. This could be due to the different programs we used to code. 

Describe what you to did to prepare. What did you do similarly or differently from the WOD before this?
To prepare for the WODS, I looked back at our labs and used W3 school. It was basically the same way I prepared for the previous WODS. However, different from previously, I would try to work on the WODS first before looking at the solutions, as I am now a little more comfortable with coding than I was couple weeks ago. 

Discuss what you could have done to be better prepared and what you might try differently for the next WOD.
Somethings that I could have done to prepare better was to look through every steps and searching it up on w3 schools or watching youtube videos. Somethings I might try to do differently in my next WOD is to start earlier so that I have more to time to practice the WOD over and over again. 
